A.  An agent that senses only partial information about the state cannot be perfectly rational.
False. An agent that only senses partial information could be rational, consider an agent whose performance measure is based on its ability to stay completely static in an environment where there are no other agents, such an agent could be perfectly rational even if it did not have any sensors at all. Granted, such an agent would not be very interesting but it would indeed be rational.
b. There exist task environments in which no pure reflex agent can behave rationally.
True. Consider a partially unobservable task environment where the performance measure is based on the agent’s extent of exploration. Now assume that this agent is purely reflex, only responding when it’s world state changes, since its performance measure is to explore but its actions are conditional upon change around it then the agent waits for its state to change but it never will because it is the agent’s entire job is to change its state.
c. There exists a task environment in which every agent is rational.
True. Consider an environment that disables all agent’s actuators, rendering them immobile. Regardless of what performance measures these agents possessed they are still judged as rational because they are physically incapable of performing anything.
d. The input to an agent program is the same as the input to the agent function.
False. The input to the agent function is the entire percept sequence up to a given point whereas the input to the agent program is the input perceived by the sensors.
e. Every agent function is implementable by some program/machine combination.
False. Since the agent function is defined as “a map of any given percept sequence to an action”, formally f: P* → A. Consider an agent who has no sensors to perceive with and thereby has no percept sequence, this would imply that the domain of the agent function does not exist which contradicts the definition of the agent function, therefore, there are program/machine combinations that cannot implement agent functions. 
f. Suppose an agent selects its action uniformly at random from the set of possible actions.
There exists a deterministic task environment in which this agent is rational.
True. Consider a task environment where it is a multi-agent, competitive and, thereby, deterministic game environment. Now consider an agent whose performance measure is based on its ability to be unpredictable to its enemies. An agent selecting an action uniformly from the set of possible actions would, therefore, be very rational as it would be difficult for another agent program to predict what the agent will do.
g. It is possible for a given agent to be perfectly rational in two distinct task environments.
True. Aside from the unattainability of perfect rationality, consider an agent whose performance measure is based on two things: the ability to escape from enemies chasing it and the ability to stay underwater for long periods of time, further assume that this agent has sensors and actuators that give it the ability to excel at these two things and they do not affect each other or the agent adversely. Now consider two distinct task environments: one is a multi-agent, competitive environment in which only physical means are employed to defeat another agent (no long range weapons) and the other is a competition to stay underwater the longest. The agent described above would be perfectly rational in both of these environments.
h. Every agent is rational in an unobservable environment.
False. Consider an agent in an unobservable environment whose performance measure is secondarily based on its ability to not jam its actuator-toes on bike cleats and is primarily based on ability to get out of the room it is currently in, assume that the priority is given to leaving a room rather than not stubbing its toe. Further assume that this room is filled with bike cleats whose existence, but not location, is known by the agent. This agent will attempt to leave the room it is in but will invariably stub its actuator-toe on a bike cleat thereby proving itself irrational.
i A perfectly rational poker-playing agent never loses.
False. Due to the partially observable, multi-agent, stochastic, sequential, static and discrete nature of poker, even a perfectly rational agent could not possibly win every game unless the agent is completely omniscient, there are too many factors contributing to the complexity of the task environment that are beyond the agent’s scope of influence. Although, these things are true, let us not discount the fact that the agent could be a learning agent and improve its ability to play but it would still probably lose. 
